# Task Assignment

Given an integer `k` representing a number of workers and an array of positive integers representing durations of tasks that must be competed by the workers. Specifically, each worker must complete two unique tasks and can only work on one task at a time. The number of tasks will always be equal to `2k` such that each worker always has exactly two tasks to complete. All tasks are independent of one another and can be competed in any order. Workers will complete their assigned tasks in parallel, and the time taken to complete all tasks will be equal to the time taken to complete the longest pair of tasks(see sample output for explanation)

Write a function that returns the optimal assignment of tasks to each worker suc that the tasks are completed as fast as possible. The function should return a list of pairs, where each pair stores the indices of the tasks that should be completed by one worker. The pairs should be in the following format: `[taks1, task2]`, where the order of the `task1` and `task2` doesn't matter. The function can return the pairs in any order. If multiple optimal assignments exist, any correct answer will be accepted.

At least one worker will be given (i.e. `k` will always be greater than 0)

Sample Input

```go
k = 3
tasks = [1, 3, 5, 3, 1, 4]
```

Sample Output

```go
[
    [0, 2], //tasks[0]=1, tasks[2]=5 | 1+5=6
    [4, 5], //tasks[4]=1, tasks[5]=4 | 1+4=5
    [1, 3], //tasks[1]=3, tasks[3]=3 | 3+3=6
] // fastest time to complete all tasks is 6

There are multiple correct answers
[
    [4 2],
    [0 5],
    [3 1],
]
```
