# Shorten Path

Write a function that takes in a non-empty string representing a valid Unix-shell path and returns a shortened version of that path.

A path is a notation that represents the location of a file or directory in a file system.

A path can be an absolute path, meaning that it starts at the root directory in a file system, or a relative path, meaning that it starts at the current directory in a file system.

In a Unix-like operating system, a path is bound by the following rules:

- The root directory is represented by a `/`. This means that if a path starts with `/`, it's an absolute path; if it doesn't, it's a relative path.

- The symbol `/` otherwise represents the directory separator. This means that the path `/foo/bar` is the location of the directory `bar` inside the directory `foo`, which is itself located inside the root directory.

- The symbol `..` represents the parent directory. This means that accessing files or directories in `/foo/bar/..` is equivalent to accessing files or directories in `/foo`.

- The symbol `.` represents the current directory. This means that accessing files or directories in `/foo/bar/.` is equivalent to accessing files or directories in `/foo/bar`.

Note that a shortened version of the path must be equivalent to the original path. In other words, it must point to the same file or directory as the original path.

Sample Input

```go
path = "/foo/../test/../test/../foo//bar/./baz"
```

Sample Output

```go
"/foo/bar/baz" // This path is equivalent to the input path
```
